what's going on everybody welcome to
another episode of ten facts about the
phone rose so that you the viewers can
get to know us better here are some
facts about us fact number one number
one we can both grab the rim on a 10
foot basketball who we're not that tall
yeah
David's actually you know not that tall
so you kind of got some hops guy grab it
wrap it back number two basketball tres
yeah that's a crazy trick people man
what do you think city the baby food
trotters that's number three we started
wrapping when we were kids we little
kids we started wrapping the eighth
grade and initially we started kee
styling first key styling is when you
wrap battle people over the Internet
only in typing out verses and you don't
really actually record any vocals or
rapping on it my advice for any kids who
do want to start rapping is that you got
to do your homework because when you
first start you're probably gonna suck I
think you should definitely grow up
listening to good rappers Nas is a good
one
Kendrick Lamar is a good rapper Lupe
Fiasco if you're a little bit more nerdy
he's a very good rapper rates a pretty
good rapper number four we make
money off youtube in four main ways this
is our only job guys we make youtube
videos first of all there's a thing
called Google Adsense which means the
more videos you watch the more ads the
people watching the pre-roll the more
money we made we also make money through
selling some merchandise such as this
one from acupuncture com acupuncture
comm number three live shows and
appearances sometimes we get flown out
to colleges sometimes we performed
locally here in LA we do it for various
organizations they do a lot of
performances at colleges so if you're a
college and you're thinking about
bringing us out Lisa and email to us and
one thing that we always do is throw a
dope live show the fourth way to make
money is through brand deals we have to
do all this just to make enough to keep
making videos for you diversify your
income
numero 5:5 I have long hair and it's
kind of a thing you basically go through
the same things that girls have to go
through and I play sports my hair's
gonna be flopping everywhere so I have
to wear something to hold it back hold
on let me put this in my hair real quick
hey you look like a girl
it's crazy one time this woman pulled up
to us in her car and she just kept
honking ass hey hey look at me
next should be where that big man
shouldn't be wearing it
why man I like my hair being it's a
necessity my headband makes you feel
some type of way
I can't believe my hair made you feel
some type of way back number six David
used to rap battle yes real rap battles
against black people
Wow you see you gotta say wacky you
gotta say black people because if you
just battle you know in your suburban
area not the same he was out there kind
of like dumb fence but a much lower
Seattle version because battling in
Seattle is not the advanced scene that
it is in LA we've been doing this for a
while in fact let me play you a clip of
one of my old battles yo I got a
crossover that'll make your knees rock
and yo man in the game of shoes you will
be with some Reeboks
- push back further than dr. Dre's detox
number seven you speak some Chinese but
we're not that good at hey didi you wait
I'm doing wait crusher wash water pool
why excited always seems to come to my
la donna touch more sick da hai I'll
call you sue long dummy six on five
number eight we used to break dance but
we're not very good at it but we can
still bust a move or two
I can do this we thought we could
breakdance we lasted numoral Oh Joe I
get mistaken for being Korean all the
time and even David does too sometimes
I'll say this is true I think one of the
main reasons is a lot of people don't
really have that image of Chinese people
being as like hip and trendy and cool or
whatever so you automatically think oh
they must be Korean because Koreans got
all the cool stuff they got the kpop the
cage on ones they got the fast fashion
this is how different it is you got
Jeremy Lin who is like the biggest
Chinese American star and then you got
people like jay Park who looks very
differently he's a korean-american star
can you imagine if Jeremy Lin was Korean
and you would have tattoos he'd have
earrings he'd be swagged out he would
probably cost more ah number 9 I gave my
high school graduation speech here's a
quick clip we walk to celebrate the
achievement of our own
we want to signify the end of publicly
required education
we walk because I graduated practice
they said good one
public enemy number ten ten ten ten ten
our parents forced us to go to SAT prep
I mean my parents tried to get us into
the piano violin instruments everything
else our life just took a different
direction but they didn't really clamp
down like some of the other Asian
parents which is why we ended up as
comedians or as my dad would say clowns
no 11 when I was in high school I was on
the Speech and Debate team it's a pretty
nerdy thing to do
you were all-star on the debate team a
bench player on the basketball team but
you cared more about the basketball team
absolutely shout out to Speech and
Debate David is the great master debater
number 12 we're kind of into tech news
tech news being like the newest gadgets
apps computers startups and that whole
Silicon Valley scene but yeah just shout
out to everybody from the whole tech
engineering science world I mean you
guys are the people of the future man we
need you guys alright everybody thanks
for watching the video that was 12 more
facts about the fun grow so you have any
other facts that you want to know what
the fun girls make sure you leave them
in the comment section below
yeah thank you for watching that video
please subscribe to our Channel please
check out our shirts at acupuncture comm
we got some new shirts coming out is
really cool I know that we usually make
a lot of videos about like big topics
and just kind of talk about stuff but
once in a while we like to talk about
ourselves so just you know follow us on
Twitter and stuff right alright please